chore(types,clerk-react): Make `routerPush` / `routerReplace` both required or both optional (#2227)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/tiny-forks-sit.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-react': minor
'@clerk/types': minor
---

> Update `<ClerkProvider/>` `routerPush` and `routerReplace` options to be both required or both missing.
> Also used internally the `Without` generic instead of `Omit` to resolve issues with complex types and
> partially making a type property optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the TypeScript types of `<ClerkProvider />`. If you use the `routerPush` prop you're now required to also provide the `routerReplace` prop (or other way around). You can also not provide them at all since both props are optional.
```

The internal changes are not really interesting for end-users
